Warn for trust domains that are too long (#2123)
spiffe/spire: doc/spire_server.md

| `log_level`                 | Sets the logging level \<DEBUG\|INFO\|WARN\|ERROR\>                                              | INFO                          |
| `log_format`                | Format of logs, \<text\|json\>                                                                   | text                          |
| `ratelimit`                 | Rate limiting configurations, usually used when the server is behind a load balancer (see below) |                               |
| `socketPath`                | Path to bind the SPIRE Server API socket to                                                      | /tmp/spire-server/private/api.sock  |

> | `trust_domain`              | The trust domain that this server belongs to (should be less than 255 characters)                |                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `trust_domain`              | The trust domain that this server belongs to (should be no more than 255 characters)                |                               |
```

| `-logLevel` | DEBUG, INFO, WARN or ERROR | |
| `-serverPort` | Port number of the SPIRE server | |
| `-socketPath` | Path to bind the SPIRE Server API socket to | |

> | `-trustDomain` | The trust domain that this server belongs to (should be less than 255 characters) | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-trustDomain` | The trust domain that this server belongs to (should be no more than 255 characters) | |
```
